Welcome to exercise number 12.
We're making a lot of progress here, okay.
Completing this exercise is crucial
because it's actually gonna be the basis
and foundation of the slides that you're
going to enjoy creating in act number four.
This exercise is not that hard
as a lot of it will be just copying and pasting
from previous exercises with a few minor modifications.
So please take your time with this
as it's really gonna help us
with the slide creation process in act number four
and then with the delivery we're going to perfect
in act number six.
So please open your success journal
and turn to exercise number 12.
In this exercise, we're gonna incorporate
the feedback from exercise number 11,
if we have any feedback.
And we will prepare our entire speech outline
from start to end, so that we can create the slides
in the next act which is act number four.
Again, please take your time with this exercise
as it's crucial for the slide creation process.
And if it feels like work,
or if you aren't in the right frame of mind
to do this exercise, then please come back
to this exercise early tomorrow morning
if you want to, okay.
And there are five steps in this exercise.
Step one of five is optional,
and it's the presentation title.
In the optional step number one, please copy and paste
the title of your presentation from the exercise
that you completed in exercise number 10.
Just go to the yellow shaded box
at the end of exercise number 10 per this video here.
Then in step number two of five,
we're gonna look at starting your presentation.
So copy and paste the way or ways
in which you would like to start your presentation
from the completed yellow shaded box
at the end of exercise number four per this video.
Moving on to step number three of five,
which is the main content of the presentation.
Below this yellow box, you will see in your journal
labeled as step three of five.
Please copy and paste the final table
that appears at the end of exercise number seven,
again after this yellow box called step three of five.
So please just watch this video.
Thanks.
Now for step four of five,
which is called ending your presentation,
please copy and paste the way or ways
in which you would like to end your presentation
from the completed yellow shaded box
at the end of exercise number nine per this video.
Okay, almost done.
Lastly, in terms of step number five of five,
please review the contents that you just pasted
into this entire exercise,
and reorder it, or make changes to it,
until it feels like a solid awesome outline.
And please feel free to use the feedback
you gathered from the previous exercise,
meaning exercise number 11,
when you changed the outline of your presentation, etc.
So just take your time with this, okay.
We're gonna use the contents from this exercise
to make our slides in act number four.
This whole process in this course
really makes you appreciate how much work
is involved when making a motion picture,
or writing a book, or creating a music album.
We really want our masterpiece of a speech
to be as awesome an an Academy Award-winning product.
Which is why we are doing all this work.
I think it's a fun process.
Just remember that one speech can change your life
or touch the hearts of many people.
And that life often comes down to a few short moments,
and this is clearly one of them.
Okay, great.
So thank you and congratulations
on competing at number three.
I will see you in act number four.
Thanks again.